"Capitalism has us feeling like everything we do in our free time is inherently worthless because it's not tied to productivity." - @damienxpat on twitter
"I won't look back to regret yesterday, we're not handed tomorrow so I'll live for today." - 3 Doors Down
"I would like to begin by saying to you that everything is not for everybody." - AA Rashid
"Poetry, like jazz, is one of those dazzling diamonds of creative industry that help human beings make sense out of the comedies and tragedies that contextualize our lives." - Aberjhani
"I make music for ears, not eyes." - Adele
"Do not allow your heart to take pleasure with the praises of people, nor be saddened by their condemnation." - Al-Ghazali
"Do not be afraid of spending quality time by yourself. That doesn't make you antisocial or cause you to reject the rest of the world. But you need to breathe. And you need to be." - Albert Camus
"Don't walk in front of me... I may not follow. Don't walk behind me... I may not lead. Walk beside me... just be my friend." - Albert Camus
"The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science." - Albert Einstein
"After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music." - Aldous Huxley
"Birds born in a cage think flying is an illness." - Alejandro Jodorowsky
"Life's greatest tragedy is not that it will someday end, but that most only live to follow directions and sometimes we end up totally lost." - Alex Gaskarth
"Music is the soundtrack to every good and bad time we will ever have." - Alex Gaskarth
"Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch." - Amit Kalantri
"The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing." - Amit Kalantri
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." - Andre Gide
"Radical simply means 'grasping things at the root.'" - Angela Davis
"I don't like my language watered down, I don't like my edges rounded off." - Ani Difranco
"Music is art, and art is an integral part of the human experience." - Anne Frasier
"As it has been said: Love and a cough cannot be concealed. Even a small cough. Even a small love." - Anne Sexton
"Maybe that's enlightenment enough: to know that there is no final resting place of the mind no moment of smug clarity. Perhaps wisdom... is realizing how small I am, and unwise, and how far I have yet to go." - Anthony Bourdain
"Only during hard times do people come to understand how difficult it is to be master of their feelings and thoughts." - Anton Checkhov
"Great beauty can be found in harmonious contrast variations, and brief uses of extremes." - Apsixaristw
"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance." - Aristotle
"Its language is a language which the soul alone understands, but which the soul can never translate." - Arnold Bennett
"If it is art, it is not for all, and if it is for all, it is not art." - Arnold Schoenberg
"Mostly it is loss which teaches us about the worth of things." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"Patience is also a form of action." - Auguste Rodin
"We can ignore reality, but we cannot ignore the consequences of ignoring reality." - Ayn Rand
"Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable." - Banksy
"Most people die with their music still locked up inside them." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Free from all thoughts of 'I' and 'mine', a man finds absolute peace." - Bhagavad Gita
"When you play music you discover a part of yourself that you never knew existed." - Bill Evans
"A man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves." - Bill Hicks
"It's all about money, not freedom. You think you're free? Try going somewhere without money." - Bill Hicks
"It's just a ride." - Bill Hicks
"Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves." - Bill Hicks
"Listen, the next revolution is gonna be a revolution of ideas." - Bill Hicks
"Play it fuckin' loud!" - Bob Dylan
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
"Music can change the world because it can change people." - Bono
"If we can write or sing or create in some way, even when we are dealing with difficulties or pain, then it becomes something bigger than ourselves - and often beautiful." - Brenda Peterson
"Integrity is choosing courage over comfort; choosing what is right over what is fun, fast, or easy; and choosing to practice our values rather than simply professing them." - Brené Brown
"It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going." - Brian Tracy
"I've found that no matter what life throws at me, music softens the blow." - Bryce W. Anderson
"Sharing music is personal because music speaks, it feels, it breathes. And it always says something about you." - C.G. Drews
"Love with your heart. Use your head for everything else." - Captain Disillusion
"If the path before you is clear, you're probably on someone else's." - Carl Jung
"Your vision will become clear only when you look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." - Carl Jung
"On old vinyl and shitty 1200's. Just like it was meant." - Catch22
"Music fathoms the sky." - Charles Baudelaire
"Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?" - Charles Bukowski
"I tell you such fine music waits in the shadows of hell." - Charles Bukowski
"Poetry is what happens when nothing else can." - Charles Bukowski
"If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week." - Charles Darwin
"Losing all hope was freedom." - Chuck Palahniuk
"Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love." - Claude Monet
"Any fool can be happy. It takes a man with real heart to make beauty out of the stuff that makes us weep." - Clive Barker
"Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without." - Confucius
"A good country song takes a page out of someone's life, and puts it into music." - Conway Twitty
"Thank God for books and music and things I can think about." - Daniel Keyes
"Some people will never like you because your spirit irritates their demons." - Denzel Washington
"My father used to say: don't raise your voice. Improve your argument." - Desmund Tutu
"When a man is in despair, it means that he still believes in something." - Dmitri Shostakovich
"I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxophone. I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes." - Donald Miller
"Music is stored in our long-term memory. When we learn something through music, we tend to remember it longer and believe it more deeply." - Dr. Joyce Brothers
"When something bad happens you have three choices. You can either let it define you, let is destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you." - Dr. Seuss
"We live in a generation of not being in love, and not being together. But we sure make it feel like we're together, because we're scared of seeing each other with somebody else." - Drake
"To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting." - E. E. Cummings
"The hell with the rules. If it sounds right, then it is." - Eddie Van Halen
"My personal hobbies are reading, listening to music, and silence." - Edith Sitwell
"Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies." - Edward Bulwer Lytton
"When the music changes, so must your dance. It was the most beautifully worded truth, a profound lesson reminding me to trust my instincts, to let life guide me, and to never stay anywhere doing the same thing longer than I was supposed to." - Elaine Welteroth
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." - Elbert Hubbard
"Music does not replace words, it gives tone to the words." - Elie Wiesel
"If I can't dance to it, it's not my revolution." - Emma Goldman
"If you understand or if you don't. If you believe or if you doubt. There's a universal justice. And the eyes of truth, are always watching you." - Enigma
"It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows." - Epictetus
"The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best." - Epictetus
"You become what you give your attention to." - Epictetus
"The more you know yourself, the more patience you have for what you see in others." - Erik H. Erikson
"None of it mattered, because there was music." - Erin Entrada Kelly
"You must be prepared to work always without applause." - Ernest Hemingway
"Dancing is creating a sculpture that is visible only for a moment." - Erol Ozan
"Art never responds to the wish to make it democratic. It is not for everybody. It is only for those who are willing to undergo the effort needed to understand it." - Flannery O'Connor
"When you're happy, you enjoy the music but when you're sad, you understand the lyrics." - Frank Ocean
"Jazz isn't dead. It just smells funny." - Frank Zappa
"Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible." - Frank Zappa
"Music is an outburst of the soul." - Frederick Delius
"And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Beware that, when fighting monsters, you yourself do not become a monster." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"He who has the 'why' to live can bear almost any 'how'." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I hate who steals my solitude without, in exchange, offering me true company." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Not to be absolutely certain is one of the essential things in rationality." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"We have art in order not to die of the truth." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"It all depends on what you value. Figure this out on your own, nobody shows you how to." - G-Eazy
"Four geological eras had to pass so that human beings would be able to outsing the birds and die for love." - Gabriel García Márquez
"Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable." - George Bernard Shaw
"It is always fatal to have music or poetry interrupted." - George Eliot
"Life seems to go on without effort when I am filled with music." - George Eliot
"There is no feeling, except the extremes of fear and grief, that does not find relief in music." - George Eliot
"Life is a lot like jazz - it's best when you improvise." - George Gershwin
"To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved." - George MacDonald
"Would you destroy something perfect in order to make it beautiful?" - Gerard Way
"Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive." - Hafez
"Home is where the heart begins, but not where the heart stays." - Hanif Abdurraqib
"If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking." - Haruki Murakami
"Where words leave off, music begins." - Heinrich Heine
"Creativity takes courage." - Henri Matisse
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." - Henry David Thoreau 
"One's destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things." - Henry Miller
"Music is the universal language of mankind." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Before you heal someone, ask him if he's willing to give up the thing that makes him sick." - Hippocrates
"I love music. For me, music is morning coffee. It's mood medicine. It's pure magic. A good song is like a good meal-I just want to inhale it and then share a bite with someone else." - Hoda Kotb
"I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it." - Igor Stravinsky
"When words fail, music speaks." - Irena Huang
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." - J.K. Rowling
"If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete." - Jack Kornfield
"Though we do not wholly believe it yet, the interior life is a real life, and the intangible dreams of people have a tangible effect on the world." - James Baldwin
"You can't go by nothing but your own convictions. Because if you don't live the way you believe, sooner or later you will believe the way you live." - James Baldwin
"You have to decide who you are and force the world to deal with you, not with its idea of you." - James Baldwin
"Without music, life would be a blank to me." - Jane Austen
"Music is the moonlight in the gloomy night of life." - Jean Paul Friedrich Richter
"I was captured by music at a really early age. I was really captured by it. Everything about it. It was my mother... It was my father... It was my play thing. It was my toy. It was the best thing in my life." - Jeff Buckley
"When all of this music sounds like you know what you want to say, then it will have been of all worth, ever. You will be something complete unto yourself, present and unique." - Jeff Buckley
"Music was the only beautiful thing he owned." - Jeff Zentner
"Music defines us, for it shapes our souls and minds." - Jessica Carroll
"This is the strangest life I have ever known." - Jim Morrison
"For better or for worse, music is the language of memory. It is also the language of love." - Jodi Picoult
"The world is teeming, anything can happen." - John Cage
"There is nothing stable in the world, uproar's your only music." - John Keats
"When the facts change, I change my mind - what do you do, sir?" - John Maynard Keyes
"And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good" - John Steinbeck
"Faith is why I'm here today and faith is why I made it through." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"I live to inspire, not start the fire." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"You don't know what you got till it's gone." - Joni Mitchell
"All worthy work is open to interpretations the author did not intend. Art isn't your pet - it's your kid. It grows up and talks back to you." - Joss Whedon
"Music is the art of thinking with sounds." - Jules Combarieu
"...my music isn't just music - it's medicine." - Kanye West
"Music gives color to the air of the moment." - Karl Lagerfeld
"One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code." - Ken Thompson
"Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it." - Lady Gaga
"Doing what you love is freedom. Loving what you do is happiness." - Lana Del Rey
"Music in the soul can be heard by the universe." - Lao Tzu
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." - Leo Tolstoy
"Music... can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable." - Leonard Bernstein
"This will be our reply to violence: to make music more intensely, more beautifully, more devotedly than ever before." - Leonard Bernstein
"If you don't become the ocean, you'll be seasick every day." - Leonard Cohen
"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding." - Leonardo da Vinci
"A painter paints pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence." - Leopold Stokowski
"Don't tell me I shouldn't just because you couldn't." - Little Simz
"If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know." - Louis Armstrong
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything." - Malcolm X
"Comfort is the worst addiction." - Marcus Aurelius
"The best revenge is not to be like your enemy." - Marcus Aurelius
"The pianokeys are black and white, but they sound like a million colors in your mind." - Maria Cristina Mena
"Music acts like a magic key, to which the most tightly closed heart opens." - Maria von Trapp
"Music is the strongest form of magic." - Marilyn Manson
"If you're going to play it out of tune, then play it out of tune properly." - Mark E. Smith
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"Music is the soul of language." - Max Heindel
"Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better." - Maya Angelou
"Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances." - Maya Angelou
"If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough." - Meister Eckhart
"People ask me how I make music. I tell them I just step into it. It's like stepping into a river and joining the flow. Every moment in the river has its song." - Michael Jackson
"It's not the note you play that's the wrong note - it's the note you play afterwards that makes it right or wrong." - Miles Davis
"Laughter with those that understand us is music for the soul. A hug at the right moment and a kind shoulder to lean on, is the sprinkle of magic that keeps us walking towards hope." - Mimi Novic
"That is often why you come to music, isn't it? To feel that you are not alone?" - Mitch Albom
"Tried living in the real world instead of a shell, but I was bored before I even began." - Morrissey
"Don't waste your time or time will waste you." - Muse
"Home is not where you were born; home is where all your attempts to escape cease." - Naguib Mahfouz
"It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project." - Napoleon Hill
"If you want to make the wrong decision, ask everyone." - Naval Ravikant
"Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"It's a beautiful life, if you can find it." - Nick Cave
"It was the moment I realized what music can do to people, how it can make you hurt and feel so good all at once." - Nina LaCour
"The inner revolution will not be televised or sold on the Internet. It must take place within one's own mind and heart." - Noah Levine
"Every now and then a man's mind is stretched by a new idea or sensation, and never shrinks back to its former dimensions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes Senior
"Be yourself, everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence." - Ovid
"Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth." - Pablo Picasso
"Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." - Pablo Picasso
"Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." - Pablo Picasso
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
"Music sounds different to the one who plays it. It is the musician's curse." - Patrick Rothfuss
"She didn't know any better. Nobody had ever told her she couldn't. Because of this, she moved through the city like some faerie creature. She walked roads no one else could see, and it made her music wild and strange and free." - Patrick Rothfuss
"Words cannot always do the work we need them to. Music is there for when words fail us." - Patrick Rothfuss
"Music is forever. Music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die." - Paul Simon
"We are not here to do what has already been done." - Pete Billmann
"You can live with me in this house I've built out of writers blocks." - Pete Wentz
"The point of writing music and experiencing music isn't to make people comfortable necessarily." - Philip Glass
"No wealth can ever make a bad man at peace with himself." - Plato
"Hard to say what's right when all I wanna do is wrong." - Prince
"A song and a smile from someone I cared about could be enough to distract me from all that darkness, if only for a little while." - Ransom Riggs
"You might as well ask an artist to explain his art, or ask a poet to explain his poem. It defeats the purpose. The meaning is only clear thorough the search." - Rick Riordan
"Learn to recognize when something is good, even when it's not what you intended it to be." - Rick Rubin
"The ability to look deeply is the root of creativity. To see past the ordinary and mundane to get to what might otherwise be invisible." - Rick Rubin
"There are all kinds of mix tapes. There is always a reason to make one." - Rob Sheffield
"When we die, we will turn into songs, and we will hear each other and remember each other." - Rob Sheffield
"When you stick a song on a tape, you set it free." - Rob Sheffield
"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee. And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me." - Robert Frost
"When you play, never mind who listens to you." - Robert Schumann
"If everything around seems dark, look again, you may be the light." - Rumi
"When you rush, all you are doing is practicing your mistakes at a faster pace." - Ryka Aoki
"Am I the reason you breathe? Or am I the reason you cry?" - Saliva
"Because some things sometimes aren't ours to hold, but just beautiful to listen to." - Sanober Khan
"Music is the great uniter. An incredible force. Something that people who differ on everything and anything else can have in common." - Sarah Dessen
"Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light. I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night." - Sarah Williams
"He said that the principal function of music was to organize the details into harmonies that were intended to make us forget that there was randomness all around us. The same, he said, could be said for great books." - Seldon Edwards
"All cruelty springs from weakness." - Seneca
"No good thing is pleasant to possess, without friends to share it." - Seneca
"Music is feelings in search of words." - Shannon L. Alder
"Music is the beat of a drum that keeps time with our emotions." - Shannon L. Alder
"If a musician wants to become a fine artist, he must first become a finer person." - Shinichi Suzuki
"Music helps us understand where we have come from but, more importantly, what has happened to us." - Simon Van Booy
"If you cannot teach me to fly, teach me to sing." - Sir James Barrie
"Although wisdom is built on experiences, the mere accumulation of years guarantees nothing." - Sonia Sotomayor
"Remember, that times and situations change, but your heart doesn't have to necessarily." - SPARTALIEN
"The silence gets us nowhere, nowhere way to fast." - Staind
"Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one." - Stella Adler
"Songwriting is a bitch. And then it has puppies." - Steven Tyler
"If I were to begin life again, I would devote it to music. It is the only cheap and unpunished rapture upon earth." - Sydney Smith
"Music heard so deeply. That it is not heard at all, but you are the music. While the music lasts." - T.S. Eliot
"Art doesn't owe anything to anyone." - Taylor Jenkins Reid
"Perhaps his goal had not been to understand, but to let go." - The Narrator of The Stanley Parable
"Lose your dream, you lose your mind." - The Rolling Stones
"It's harder to make the glass than break the glass." - The RZA
"Music is well said to be the speech of angels in fact, nothing among the utterances allowed to man is felt to be so divine. It brings us near to the infinite." - Thomas Carlyle
"Music is nothing else but wild sounds civilized into time and tune." - Thomas Fuller
"We must choose either champagne for a few or safe drinking water for all." - Thomas Sankara
"...as a guide and protection. Trust your divinity, trust your brain." - Timothy Leary
"The goals of an intelligent life, according to Socrates, is to pursue the philosophic quest - to increase one's knowledge of self and world." - Timothy Leary
"The universe is an intelligence test." - Timothy Leary
"Think for yourself. Question authority." - Timothy Leary
"The more you love music, the more music you love." - Tom Moon
"Excuse me if I have some place in my mind where I go time to time." - Tom Petty
"I like beautiful melodies telling me terrible things." - Tom Waits
"People tend to choke that which they do not understand." - Tupac Shakur
"Reality is wrong. Dreams are for the real." - Tupac Shakur
"Bees don't waste their time explaining to flies why honey is better than shit." - Unknown Author
"Saying no to someone is saying yes to yourself." - Unknown Author
"Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve." - Unknown Author
"Whoever brings you the most peace should get the most time." - Unknown Author
"You either quit or keep going. They both hurt." - Unknown Author
"Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent." - Victor Hugo
"What is to give light must endure burning." - Viktor Frankl
"The most exciting rhythms seem unexpected and complex, the most beautiful melodies simple and inevitable." - W.H. Auden
"It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf." - Walter Lippmann
"You have to lose yourself to find yourself." - Willem Dafoe
"The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between." - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart